q 36
Traffic is routed to instances using the primary private IP address specified in the primary network interface for the instance

A Network Load Balancer functions at the fourth layer of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model. 
It can handle millions of requests per second. After the load balancer receives a connection request, it selects a target from the target group for the default rule. 
It attempts to open a TCP connection to the selected target on the port specified in the listener configuration.

Request Routing and IP Addresses -

If you specify targets using an instance ID, traffic is routed to instances using the primary private IP address specified in the primary network interface for the instance. 
The load balancer rewrites the destination IP address from the data packet before forwarding it to the target instance.

If you specify targets using IP addresses, you can route traffic to an instance using any private IP address from one or more network interfaces. 
This enables multiple applications on an instance to use the same port. Note that each network interface can have its security group. 
The load balancer rewrites the destination IP address before forwarding it to the target.


q37
Use VPC sharing to share one or more subnets with other AWS accounts belonging to the same parent organization from AWS Organizations

VPC sharing (part of Resource Access Manager) allows multiple AWS accounts to create their application resources such as EC2 instances, RDS databases, Redshift clusters, and Lambda functions, into shared and centrally-managed Amazon Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs). To set this up, the account that owns the VPC (owner) shares one or more subnets with other accounts (participants) that belong to the same organization from AWS Organizations. After a subnet is shared, the participants can view, create, modify, and delete their application resources in the subnets shared with them. Participants cannot view, modify, or delete resources that belong to other participants or the VPC owner.

You can share Amazon VPCs to leverage the implicit routing within a VPC for applications that require a high degree of interconnectivity and are within the same trust boundaries. This reduces the number of VPCs that you create and manage while using separate accounts for billing and access control.



-----


Use AWS_IAM authorization - 
For consumers who currently are located within your AWS environment or have the means to retrieve AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) temporary credentials to access your environment, 
you can use AWS_IAM authorization and add least-privileged permissions to the respective IAM role to securely invoke your API. 
API Gateway API Keys is not a security mechanism and should not be used for authorization unless it’s a public API. It should be used primarily to track a consumer’s usage across your API.

API Gateway Lambda authorizer
------

Setup a CloudWatch alarm to monitor the health status of the instance. In case of an Instance Health Check failure, an EC2 Reboot CloudWatch Alarm Action can be used to reboot the instance

Using Amazon CloudWatch alarm actions, you can create alarms that automatically stop, terminate, reboot, or recover your EC2 instances. You can use the stop or terminate actions to help you save money when you no longer need an instance to be running. You can use the reboot and recover actions to automatically reboot those instances or recover them onto new hardware if a system impairment occurs.

You can create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm that monitors an Amazon EC2 instance and automatically reboots the instance. The reboot alarm action is recommended for Instance Health Check failures (as opposed to the recover alarm action, which is suited for System Health Check failures).

---------

EC2 Reboot CloudWatch Alarm Action to reboot the instance

---=-=--=-=-=
q57
Enable DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for DynamoDB and CloudFront for S3
Enable ElastiCache Redis for DynamoDB and CloudFront for S3
Enable DAX for DynamoDB and ElastiCache Memcached for S3
Enable ElastiCache Redis for DynamoDB and ElastiCache Memcached for S3
-=-=-==-=--=-=-=-
