AWS Certificate Manager is a service that lets you easily provision, manage, and deploy public and private Secure Sockets Layer/Transport Layer Security (SSL/TLS) certificates for use with AWS services and your internal connected resources. SSL/TLS certificates are used to secure network communications and establish the identity of websites over the Internet as well as resources on private networks.

AWS Config provides a detailed view of the configuration of AWS resources in your AWS account. This includes how the resources are related to one another and how they were configured in the past so that you can see how the configurations and relationships change over time.

Amazon S3 Analytics Storage Class
-----

q65
You can use Secure Socket Layer / Transport Layer Security (SSL/TLS) connections to encrypt data in transit. Amazon RDS creates an SSL certificate and installs the certificate on the DB instance when the instance is provisioned. For MySQL, you launch the MySQL client using the --ssl_ca parameter to reference the public key to encrypt connections. Using SSL, you can encrypt a PostgreSQL connection between your applications and your PostgreSQL DB instances. You can also force all connections to your PostgreSQL DB instance to use SSL.


----------------
Amazon VPC provides the facility to create an IPsec VPN connection (also known as site-to-site VPN) between remote customer networks and their Amazon VPC over the internet. The following are the key concepts for a site-to-site VPN:

Virtual private gateway: A Virtual Private Gateway (also known as a VPN Gateway) is the endpoint on the AWS VPC side of your VPN connection.

VPN connection: A secure connection between your on-premises equipment and your VPCs.

VPN tunnel: An encrypted link where data can pass from the customer network to or from AWS.

Customer Gateway: An AWS resource that provides information to AWS about your Customer Gateway device.

Customer Gateway device: A physical device or software application on the customer side of the Site-to-Site VPN connection.

AWS Managed IPSec VPN  via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-vpc-connectivity-options/aws-managed-vpn-network-to-amazon.html
---------

An IPSec (Internet Protocol Security) VPN Connection establishes a secure encrypted connection between your on-premises network and your Amazon VPC over the internet. This connection allows secure communication between your on-premises resources and your resources in the AWS cloud.

Here's an overview of how it works:

Virtual Private Gateway (VPG):
The VPG is the VPN concentrator on the AWS side that enables the VPN connection to your VPC.
It's attached to your VPC and acts as an endpoint for the VPN connection from your on-premises network.

Customer Gateway (CGW):
The CGW represents your customer's on-premises VPN device or software that connects to the VPG.
You configure the CGW with the necessary settings and credentials to establish a secure connection with the VPG.

IPSec VPN Tunnel:
Once the VPG and CGW configurations are set up correctly, an IPSec VPN tunnel is established between them.
The IPSec tunnel encrypts the data traffic passing between your on-premises network and your VPC, ensuring secure communication.

Traffic Routing:
You define routing rules to direct traffic between your on-premises network and the AWS VPC.
These routes ensure that the traffic from your on-premises resources to AWS resources (and vice versa) follows the VPN connection.
By using a managed IPSec VPN Connection with AWS VPC, you can securely extend your on-premises network to the AWS cloud. 
This setup allows seamless integration of resources and enables communication between your local infrastructure and your cloud-based resources in a secure and isolated manner.
-----------------

Tape Gatewa:

Use Tape Gateway, which can be used to move on-premises tape data onto AWS Cloud. Then, Amazon S3 archiving storage classes can be used to store data cost-effectively for years

Tape Gateway enables you to replace using physical tapes on-premises with virtual tapes in AWS without changing existing backup workflows. Tape Gateway supports all leading backup applications and caches virtual tapes on-premises for low-latency data access. Tape Gateway encrypts data between the gateway and AWS for secure data transfer and compresses data while transitioning virtual tapes between Amazon S3 and Amazon S3 Glacier, or Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive, to minimize storage costs.

Tape Gateway compresses and stores archived virtual tapes in the lowest-cost Amazon S3 storage classes, Amazon S3 Glacier and Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive. This makes it feasible for you to retain long-term data in the AWS Cloud at a very low cost. With Tape Gateway, you only pay for what you consume, with no minimum commitments and no upfront fees.

Tape Gateway stores your virtual tapes in S3 buckets managed by the AWS Storage Gateway service, so you don’t have to manage your own Amazon S3 storage. Tape Gateway integrates with all leading backup applications allowing you to start using cloud storage for on-premises backup and archive without any changes to your backup and archive workflows.

______________________________



