UDP protocol.
Global Accelerator
AWS Global Accelerator is a networking service that helps you improve the availability and performance of the applications that you offer to your global users.
Global Accelerator is a good fit for non-HTTP use cases, such as gaming (UDP), IoT (MQTT), or Voice over IP. Therefore, this option is correct.

Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network (CDN) service that securely delivers data, videos, applications, and APIs to customers globally with low latency, high transfer speeds, all within a developer-friendly environment.
CloudFront points of presence (POPs) (edge locations) make sure that popular content can be served quickly to your viewers.

Elastic Load Balancer automatically distributes incoming application traffic across multiple targets, such as Amazon EC2 instances, containers, IP addresses, and Lambda functions. It can handle the varying load of your application traffic in a single Availability Zone or across multiple Availability Zones. Elastic Load Balancer cannot help with decreasing latency of incoming traffic from the source.

Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling helps you ensure that you have the correct number of Amazon EC2 instances available to handle the load for your application. You create collections of EC2 instances, called Auto Scaling groups. You can specify the minimum number of instances in each Auto Scaling group, and Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling ensures that your group never goes below this size. Auto Scaling group cannot help with decreasing latency of incoming traffic from the source.

Redshift Spectrum to create Redshift cluster tables pointing to the underlying historical data in S3. The analytics team can then query this historical data to cross-reference with the daily reports from Redshift

Using Amazon Redshift Spectrum, you can efficiently query and retrieve structured and semistructured data from files in Amazon S3 without having to load the data into Amazon Redshift tables.

Amazon Athena is an interactive query service that makes it easy to analyze data directly in Amazon S3 using standard SQL. Athena is serverless, so there is no infrastructure to set up or manage, and customers pay only for the queries they run. You can use Athena to process logs, perform ad-hoc analysis, and run interactive queries.


DNS caching

Amazon Redshift is a fully-managed petabyte-scale cloud-based data warehouse product designed for large scale data set storage and analysis.




-----

A launch template is similar to a launch configuration, in that it specifies instance configuration information such as the ID of the Amazon Machine Image (AMI), the instance type, a key pair, security groups, and the other parameters that you use to launch EC2 instances. Also, defining a launch template instead of a launch configuration allows you to have multiple versions of a template.

With launch templates, you can provision capacity across multiple instance types using both On-Demand Instances and Spot Instances to achieve the desired scale, performance, and cost. Hence this is the correct option.

**
A launch configuration is an instance configuration template that an Auto Scaling group uses to launch EC2 instances. When you create a launch configuration, you specify information for the instances such as the ID of the Amazon Machine Image (AMI), the instance type, a key pair, one or more security groups, and a block device mapping.

You cannot use a launch configuration to provision capacity across multiple instance types using both On-Demand Instances and Spot Instances.
----

 token bucket algorithm
q46
Amazon API Gateway throttles requests to your API using the token bucket algorithm,

-----------
Endpoints are virtual devices. They are horizontally scaled, redundant, and highly available VPC components. They allow communication between instances in your VPC and services without imposing availability risks or bandwidth constraints on your network traffic.

There are two types of VPC endpoints: Interface Endpoints and Gateway Endpoints. An Interface Endpoint is an Elastic Network Interface with a private IP address from the IP address range of your subnet that serves as an entry point for traffic destined to a supported service.

A Gateway Endpoint is a gateway that you specify as a target for a route in your route table for traffic destined to a supported AWS service. The following AWS services are supported: Amazon S3 and DynamoDB.

-----------
