Question 22:
A retail company wants to rollout and test a blue-green deployment for its global application in the next 48 hours. Most of the customers use mobile phones which are prone to DNS caching. The company has only two days left for the annual Thanksgiving sale to commence.

As a Solutions Architect, which of the following options would you recommend to test the deployment on as many users as possible in the given time frame?

Blue/green deployment is a technique for releasing applications by shifting traffic between two identical environments running different versions of the application: 
"Blue" is the currently running version and "green" the new version. This type of deployment allows you to test features in the green environment without 
impacting the currently running version of your application. When you’re satisfied that the green version is working properly, 
you can gradually reroute the traffic from the old blue environment to the new green environment. 
Blue/green deployments can mitigate common risks associated with deploying software, such as downtime and rollback capability.

Use AWS Global Accelerator to distribute a portion of traffic to a particular deployment - AWS Global Accelerator is a network layer service that directs traffic to optimal endpoints over the AWS global network, this improves the availability and performance of your internet applications. It provides two static anycast IP addresses that act as a fixed entry point to your application endpoints in a single or multiple AWS Regions, such as your Application Load Balancers, Network Load Balancers, Elastic IP addresses or Amazon EC2 instances, in a single or in multiple AWS regions.

AWS Global Accelerator uses endpoint weights to determine the proportion of traffic that is directed to endpoints in an endpoint group, and traffic dials to control the percentage of traffic that is directed to an endpoint group (an AWS region where your application is deployed).

While relying on the DNS service is a great option for blue/green deployments, it may not fit use-cases that require a fast and controlled transition of the traffic. Some client devices and internet resolvers cache DNS answers for long periods; this DNS feature improves the efficiency of the DNS service as it reduces the DNS traffic across the Internet, and serves as a resiliency technique by preventing authoritative name-server overloads. The downside of this in blue/green deployments is that you don’t know how long it will take before all of your users receive updated IP addresses when you update a record, change your routing preference or when there is an application failure.

With AWS Global Accelerator, you can shift traffic gradually or all at once between the blue and the green environment and vice-versa without being subject to DNS caching on client devices and internet resolvers, traffic dials and endpoint weights changes are effective within seconds.

Incorrect options:

Use Route 53 weighted routing to spread traffic across different deployments - Weighted routing lets you associate multiple resources with a single domain name (example.com) or subdomain name (acme.example.com) and choose how much traffic is routed to each resource. This can be useful for a variety of purposes, including load balancing and testing new versions of the software. As discussed earlier, DNS caching is a negative behavior for this use case and hence Route 53 is not a good option.

Use Elastic Load Balancer to distribute traffic across deployments - An ELB can distribute traffic across healthy instances. You can also use the ALB weighted target groups feature for blue/green deployments as it does not rely on the DNS service. In addition you don’t need to create new ALBs for the green environment. As the use-case refers to a global application, so this option cannot be used for a multi-Region solution which is needed for the given requirement.

Use AWS CodeDeploy deployment options to choose the right deployment - In CodeDeploy, a deployment is the process, and the components involved in the process, of installing content on one or more instances. This content can consist of code, web and configuration files, executables, packages, scripts, and so on. CodeDeploy deploys content that is stored in a source repository, according to the configuration rules you specify. Blue/Green deployment is one of the deployment types that CodeDeploy supports. CodeDeploy is not meant to distribute traffic across instances, so this option is incorrect.

References:

https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/networking-and-content-delivery/using-aws-global-accelerator-to-achieve-blue-green-deployments

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/latest/userguide/deployments.html

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/routing-policy.html#routing-policy-weighted
