Q
A retail company has developed a REST API which is deployed in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer. The API stores the user data in DynamoDB and any static content, such as images, are served via S3. On analyzing the usage trends, it is found that 90% of the read requests are for commonly accessed data across all users.

As a Solutions Architect, which of the following would you suggest as the MOST efficient solution to improve the application performance?

Explanation
Correct option:

> Enable DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for DynamoDB and CloudFront for S3
*
DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) is a fully managed, highly available, in-memory cache for Amazon DynamoDB that delivers up to a 10 times performance improvement—from milliseconds to microseconds—even at millions of requests per second.

DAX is tightly integrated with DynamoDB—you simply provision a DAX cluster, use the DAX client SDK to point your existing DynamoDB API calls at the DAX cluster, and let DAX handle the rest. Because DAX is API-compatible with DynamoDB, you don't have to make any functional application code changes. DAX is used to natively cache DynamoDB reads.

CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) service that delivers static and dynamic web content, video streams, and APIs around the world, securely and at scale. By design, delivering data out of CloudFront can be more cost-effective than delivering it from S3 directly to your users.

When a user requests content that you serve with CloudFront, their request is routed to a nearby Edge Location. If CloudFront has a cached copy of the requested file, CloudFront delivers it to the user, providing a fast (low-latency) response. If the file they’ve requested isn’t yet cached, CloudFront retrieves it from your origin – for example, the S3 bucket where you’ve stored your content.

So, you can use CloudFront to improve application performance to serve static content from S3.
*

Incorrect options:

> Enable ElastiCache Redis for DynamoDB and CloudFront for S3

Amazon ElastiCache for Redis is a blazing fast in-memory data store that provides sub-millisecond latency to power internet-scale real-time applications. 
Amazon ElastiCache for Redis is a great choice for real-time transactional and analytical processing use cases such as caching, chat/messaging, gaming leaderboards, 
geospatial, machine learning, media streaming, queues, real-time analytics, and session store.

Although you can integrate Redis with DynamoDB, it's much more involved than using DAX which is a much better fit.

> Enable DAX for DynamoDB and ElastiCache Memcached for S3

> Enable ElastiCache Redis for DynamoDB and ElastiCache Memcached for S3

*
Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached is a Memcached-compatible in-memory key-value store service that can be used as a cache or a data store. Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached is a great choice for implementing an in-memory cache to decrease access latency, increase throughput, and ease the load off your relational or NoSQL database.

ElastiCache Memcached cannot be used as a cache to serve static content from S3, so both these options are incorrect.

*
---------------
Q
A weather forecast agency collects key weather metrics across multiple cities in the US and sends this data in the form of key-value pairs to AWS Cloud at a one-minute frequency.

As a solutions architect, which of the following AWS services would you use to build a solution for processing and then reliably storing this data with high availability? (Select two)

>

Explanation
Correct options:

Lambda - With AWS Lambda, you can run code without provisioning or managing servers. You pay only for the compute time that you consume—there’s no charge when your code isn’t running. You can run code for virtually any type of application or backend service—all with zero administration.

DynamoDB - Amazon DynamoDB is a key-value and document database that delivers single-digit millisecond performance at any scale. It's a fully managed, multi-region, multi-master, durable database with built-in security, backup and restore, and in-memory caching for internet-scale applications. DynamoDB is a NoSQL database and it's best suited to store data in key-value pairs.

AWS Lambda can be combined with DynamoDB to process and capture the key-value data from the IoT sources described in the use-case. So both these options are correct.

Incorrect options:

Redshift - Amazon Redshift is a fully-managed petabyte-scale cloud-based data warehouse product designed for large scale data set storage and analysis. You cannot use Redshift to capture data in key-value pairs from the IoT sources, so this option is not correct.

ElastiCache - Amazon ElastiCache allows you to seamlessly set up, run, and scale popular open-Source compatible in-memory data stores in the cloud. Build data-intensive apps or boost the performance of your existing databases by retrieving data from high throughput and low latency in-memory data stores. Amazon ElastiCache is a popular choice for real-time use cases like Caching, Session Stores, Gaming, Geospatial Services, Real-Time Analytics, and Queuing. Elasticache is used as a caching layer in front of relational databases. It is not a good fit to store data in key-value pairs from the IoT sources, so this option is not correct.

RDS - Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient and resizable capacity while automating time-consuming administration tasks such as hardware provisioning, database setup, patching, and backups. Relational databases are not a good fit to store data in key-value pairs, so this option is not correct.

References:

https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/

https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/faqs/
----------------
