Q
A healthcare company runs a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances in two private subnets (named PR1 and PR2) across two Availability Zones (AZs) named A1 and A2. 
The Amazon EC2 instances need access to the internet for operating system patch management and third-party software maintenance. 
To facilitate this, the engineering team at the company wants to set up two Network Address Translation gateways (NAT gateways) in a highly available configuration.

Which of the following options would you suggest?

Explanation
Correct option:

Set up a total of two NAT gateways. NAT gateway N1 should be set up in public subnet PU1 in Availability Zone A1. 
NAT gateway N2 should be set up in public subnet PU2 in Availability Zone A2

A NAT gateway is a Network Address Translation (NAT) service. You can use a NAT gateway so that instances in a private subnet can connect to services outside your VPC 
but external services cannot initiate a connection with those instances.

For the given use case, the Amazon EC2 instances in the private subnets can connect to the internet through public NAT gateways in their respective Availability Zones (AZ).
You should create public NAT gateway in the public subnet of each AZ and must associate an elastic IP address with the NAT gateway at creation. Then, you can route traffic from the NAT gateway to the internet gateway for the VPC.

If you have resources in multiple Availability Zones and they share one NAT gateway, and if the NAT gateway’s Availability Zone is down, 
resources in the other Availability Zones lose internet access. To create a highly available or an Availability Zone independent architecture, 
create a NAT gateway in each Availability Zone and configure your routing to ensure that resources use the NAT gateway in the same Availability Zone.

via - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-nat-gateway.html

Incorrect options:

Set up a total of two NAT gateways. NAT gateway N1 should be set up in private subnet PR1 in Availability Zone A1. NAT gateway N2 should be set up in private subnet PR2 in Availability Zone A2 - For the Amazon EC2 instances in the private subnet, you can facilitate outbound internet connectivity in a highly available configuration by creating a public NAT gateway in the public subnet of each AZ. You cannot create NAT gateways in the private subnet for the given use case.

Set up a total of two NAT gateways. Both NAT gateways N1 and N2 should be set up in a single public subnet PU1 in any of the Availability Zones A1 or A2 - For the Amazon EC2 instances in the private subnet, you can facilitate outbound internet connectivity in a highly available configuration by creating a public NAT gateway in the public subnet of each AZ. You cannot create both NAT gateways in a single public subnet, as this configuration would not be highly available.

Set up a total of one NAT gateway. NAT gateway N1 should be set up in public subnet PU1 in any of the Availability Zones A1 or A2 - For the Amazon EC2 instances in the private subnet, you can facilitate outbound internet connectivity in a highly available configuration by creating a public NAT gateway in the public subnet of each AZ. You cannot create a single NAT gateway, as this configuration would not be highly available.

Reference:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-nat-gateway.html
